Game Chosen: Risk (Simplified)

Equipment needed:
For this version of risk you will need a game board of 25 squares, 5 on each side.
The board will be divided into continents, with the upper left 3x3 section representing
one, the upper right and bottom left 3x2 sections representing others, and the bottom
right 2x2 representing the third.
Pieces will be needed to represent the number of units on each square.
6 sided die are required for deciding the results of engagements.

Starting:
To start, territories will be randomly distributed amount the players, except for the
centre square. Then each player will place one of their own units on each of their
squares, with two neutral units being place on the centre square. After that each player
will place 10 of their units on whichever squares they choose.

Taking Turns:
1. Placing new units
At the start of each player's turn they will receive units to place. They will receive 1
unit for each 3 territories they posses, along with 3 units for controlling the large
continent, 2 for controlling each medium continent, and 1 for controlling the small
continent.
2. Movement
After they have placed their units the player may move their units. Each unit can move
no more than one territory horizontally or vertically each turn, no diagonal movement
is allowed. No wrapping around the board to move.
3. Attacking
After units have been moved the player may attack other territories. Any territory he
possesses with at least 2 units may attack any territory adjacent to it horizontally 
or vertically, no wrapping around the board to attack. When a territory attacks it
chooses up to 3 units to attack, but must leave at least one in the territory. They
attack up to 2 defending units from the territory being attacked.
For each unit one die is rolled, and then the die are compared. The highest die are
taken from each side, with the number of die taken equal to the number of units
on the side with the smallest number of units. The die are then ordered and matched
with their corresponding die from the opposite side. If the attackers die value in
a comparison is higher, then the defender removes a unit from the board. Otherwise,
including in case of a tie, the attacker removes a unit.
The player may attack as many times in a turn as he is able to.
If the player's attack removes all enemy defenders from the attacked territory
then it becomes his, and he may move as many units as he wishes to the new territory
from the territory he attacked it with, but must leave at least one behind in the old
territory.
After the player is done attacking his turn ends.

Winning Conditions:
When one player controls all territories on the board he is the winner.
